Draw a flowchart for adding 2 nos

Draw a flowchart for dividing 2 nos

Draw a flowchart to calculate the area of circle

Draw a flowchart to calculate the perimeter of rectangle

Draw a flowchart to calculate the average of three nos

Draw a flowchart to calculate the simple interest for given amount,years and rate of interest.

Draw a flowchart to convert the temperature from fahrenheit to celsius.

Draw a flowchart for finding the biggest of 2 nos

Draw a flowchart for determining the person is elgible for voting

Draw a flowchart for checking whether the given no is odd or even

Draw a flowchart for finding the largest of 3 nos

Draw a flowchart for checking  whether the given year is a leap year or not.

Draw a flowchart to print the grade of a student by accepting three subject marks.

Draw a flowchart to print the first n natural numbers.

Draw a flowchart to prints the n odd numbers.

Draw a flowchart to prints the n even numbers.

Draw a flowchart to find the sum of the first 'n' natural numbers.

Draw a flowchart to find the gcd between two nos.

Draw a flowchart to find the factorial of a number

Draw a flowchart to find the factorial of a number using recursion function

Draw a flowchart to find the gcd of a number using recursion function

Draw a flowchart to calculate the electricity bill 
Hint:
Get the number of units, U as input.
            i)For first 100 units , there is no bill. 
            ii)For  units between 101 to 200, assign Rs 2 for an unit.
            iii)for units greater than 200, calculate the bills by assigning Rs. 3 for each unit. 
            
Draw a flowchart to retail shopping
Hint
Enter option(i) as integer value
If option(i) is not 0,
    i)Get the item name(it),quantity(q) and its price(p) as input. 
		ii)Calculate the bill by it*q*p. 
If the option(i) is equal to 0,exit

Draw a flowchart to display the weight of a motorbike
Hint:
Get the types of motorcycle M
Step 4: Based on the type M, choose the weight as
	If M=chopper, W= 315 kg
	If M=Cruiser, W=250 kg
	If M=Scooter, W=115 kg
	If M=Mopped, W=80 kg
 		Else print as cannot find the weight
Step 5: Print the weight


Draw a flowchart to calculate the weight of steel bar
Hint:
Get the diameter d of a steel bar.
  If d>= 8 mm and <= 20 mm then
	   	Calculate the W as (d*d)/162
		Print W
	Else  
		Print as not available
    
Draw a flowchart to Compute Electrical Current in Three Phase AC Circuit
Hint:
Get the power factor Pf, Power P and Voltage V.
Step 3: Calculate the current I as P/√3*V*Pf
